[Doc Improvement][Metadata] (#6809)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/messaging-extensions/what-are-messaging-extensions.md

---
title: Message extensions
author: surbhigupta

> description: Learn how message extensions are used, it's types, and scenarios where it's used on the Microsoft Teams platform. Samples on actiona nd searched based message extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how message extensions are used, it's types, and scenarios where it's used on the Microsoft Teams platform. Samples on action and searched based message extension.
```
